Tic-Tac-Toe: World - Help File

WARNING:
When playing the game, the player must not enter a character (for example, a letter or symbol) or a word as A MOVE on the game board.
This WILL CRASH THE GAME. The progress during that match WILL NOT be saved. If this occurs, immediately close the game then restart it. 
Wherever the player is prompted for a number, do not put a character or word as the input.

DO NOT ADJUST THE FOLLOWING FILES THAT ARE ASSOCIATED WITH THE GAME:
1. player1.txt
2. TTCWthemes.txt
3. PlayerProgress.txt

Changing the data in these files will affect game data.

The following 2 respones are the ONLY EXCEPTIONS to adjusting the data within the files:

1. If the file is seen to be empty, the player may adjust the data to suit their needs.
   An empty file may be the result of someone removing the data in the file or the program removing the data from the file.
   The latter should not alert the player. The program, through testing, has been shown not to empty files, without 
   entering data into it after, so this occurring would not be likely and possibly only occur if another part of the code
   is affected.

   How each file should be treated if the file is empty:
  
   1. PlayerProgress.txt:
      This file tracks the progress of the player in Story Mode. This allows the player to face each boss at a specific experience level.
      However, if the player has reached a boss higher than boss 1, and then this file is emptied (data removed), the player will only be able   
      to face boss 1, until boss 1 is beaten. The player can either start again from boss 1 or can enter any of the following numbers to access 
      the boss they were at.     
      NOTE: The player is advised to use only the numbers regarding the boss they are currently at. The developer emphasizes this so the player  
            can have a full experience of Story Mode.
      To play Boss 2, enter 20 in the file, save the file and close it.
      To play Boss 3 and lower, enter 40 in the file, save the file and close it.
      To play Boss 4 and lower, enter 60 in the file, save the file and close it.
      To play Boss 5 and lower, enter 80 in the file, save the file and close it.

   2. TTCWthemes.txt:
      Changing data in this file, based on testing, will not crash it. The player should not be worried about this file. In the case it is changed, the
      player can change the theme in the Settings of the game, located in the game's Main Menu, or in the file, using any number from 1 to 5 to choose a colour, 
      save the file and close it.

   3. player1.txt:
      If this file is empty, the player's name will not show up in Story Mode which will affect how the player is presented in the game. If this occurs,
      the player can either go into the Settings of the game, located in the game's Main Menu, or open the file, enter their player name, save the file and
      close it.

2. If the file is not created by the program:
   
   When the player gets the game's program, intially, these files will not be present in the folder the code is in. Upon running the game, the files are created in 
   the same folder as the code. However, in the event these files are not created, the player can create them IN THE FOLDER the CODE/ PROGRAM resides in (If the game
   is on the Desktop then create these files on the Desktop). Shifting the game from one folder to another without moving the files too, may not be an issue, as the
   game generates these files on its own. However, the progress the player made before will be affected.
  
   When creating these files, make sure to write the names exactly as they are written below, including capitalization and spaces, if any, or the data will 
   not be saved in them:
   PlayerProgress.txt
   TTCWthemes.txt
   player1.txt

3. When entering names, DO NOT exceed 14 characters (or letters/symbols). Each name is expected to be a specific size and putting too many letters can result
   in the player's name looking different, misrepresenting them. This applies to both Tournament Mode and Story Mode.

4. DO NOT enter only one character (or letter/symbol) as a name. Especially in Tournament Mode, this may cause the name to be misrepresented. The developer currently
   does not know the issue that causes this but to avoid this problem, write names containing more than one (1) character (and less than fifteen (15)). This applies to
   both Story Mode and Tournament Mode.

5. When entering a player name, DO NOT put spaces between different words. The code does not accept words this way and will pass the word after the space onto another 
   player name if another player name is required after the first player's name. This applies to both Tournament Mode and Story Mode.

6. DO NOT adjust game code IF you do not understand how it works or how to code in the C language. You may adjust if you pass these parameters, but be sure to save a
   copy of the code before adjusting it, in case the code you add does not accomplish what you want.

7. If the game pauses and does not give you a prompt to enter numbers, then press any key, that will allow it to progress.

8. When prompted (or requested by the game) to enter a number, press the desired number, then press the Enter key. This will give the game your input.

                                     Thank You for playing Tic-Tac-Toe: World. The developer appreciates it. Have fun!